feat(ai) Google Maps Grounding Support (#9458)
firebase/firebase-js-sdk: docs-devsite/ai.templatetoolconfig.md

Project: /docs/reference/js/_project.yaml
Book: /docs/reference/_book.yaml
page_type: reference

{% comment %}
DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!
This is generated by the JS SDK team, and any local changes will be
overwritten. Changes should be made in the source code at
https://github.com/firebase/firebase-js-sdk
{% endcomment %}

# TemplateToolConfig interface

> Tool configuration for `TemplateGenerativeModel`<!-- -->s. This config is shared for all tools provided in the Server Prompt Template request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tool configuration for a `TemplateGenerativeModel`. This config is shared by all applicable tools provided in the server prompt template request.
```

Author: Updated
